# Exercise 06 - A recipe

|                         |                    |
| -----------------------:| ------------------ |
|   Turn-in directory :   |  ex06              |
|   Files to turn in :    |  recipe.py         |
|   Forbidden functions : |  None              |
|   Remarks :             |  n/a               |

It is time to discover Python dictionaries. Dictionaries are collections that contain mappings of unique keys to values.  
*Hint: check what is a nested dictionary in Python.*

First, you will have to create a cookbook dictionary called `cookbook`.

`cookbook` will store 3 recipes:
* sandwich
* cake
* salad

Each recipe will store 3 values:
* ingredients: a **list** of ingredients
* meal: type of meal
* prep_time: preparation time in minutes

Sandwich's ingredients are *ham*, *bread*, *cheese* and *tomatoes*. It is a *lunch* and it takes *10* minutes of preparation.  
Cake's ingredients are *flour*, *sugar* and *eggs*. It is a *dessert* and it takes *60* minutes of preparation.  
Salad's ingredients are *avocado*, *arugula*, *tomatoes* and *spinach*. It is a *lunch* and it takes *15* minutes of preparation.  

1. Get to know dictionaries. In the first place, try to print only the `keys` of the dictionary. Then only the `values`. And to conclude, all the `items`.

2. Write a function to print a recipe from `cookbook`. The function parameter will be: name of the recipe.

3. Write a function to delete a recipe from the dictionary. The function parameter will be: name of the recipe.

4. Write a function to add a new recipe to `cookbook` with its ingredients, its meal type and its preparation time. The function parameters will be: name of recipe, ingredients, meal and prep_time.

5. Write a function to print all recipe names from `cookbook`. Think about formatting the output.

6. Last but not least, make a program using the four functions you just created.
The program will prompt the user to make a choice between printing the cookbook, printing only one recipe, adding a recipe, deleting a recipe or quitting the cookbook.

It could look like the example below but feel free to organize it the way you want to:

```console
> python recipe.py
Please select an option by typing the corresponding number:
1: Add a recipe
2: Delete a recipe
3: Print a recipe
4: Print the cookbook
5: Quit
>> 3

Please enter the recipe's name to get its details:
>> cake

Recipe for cake:
Ingredients list: ['flour', 'sugar', 'eggs']
To be eaten for dessert.
Takes 60 minutes of cooking.
```

Your program must continue running until the user exits it (option 5):

```console
> python recipe.py
Please select an option by typing the corresponding number:
1: Add a recipe
2: Delete a recipe
3: Print a recipe
4: Print the cookbook
5: Quit
>> 5

Cookbook closed.
```

The program will also continue running if the user enters a wrong value.
It will prompt the user again until the value is correct:

```console
> python recipe.py
Please select an option by typing the corresponding number:
1: Add a recipe
2: Delete a recipe
3: Print a recipe
4: Print the cookbook
5: Quit
>> test

This option does not exist, please type the corresponding number.
To exit, enter 5.
>> 
```
