# Exercise 00 - $PATH

|                         |                    |
| -----------------------:| ------------------ |
|   Turnin directory :    |  ex00              |
|   Files to turn in :    |  installer.sh      |
|   Forbidden function :  |  None              |
|   Remarks :             |  n/a               |

We noticed that the students had trouble with the setup of their Python path. You are going to learn how to master the setup of the Python path!  

In order to make our life easier, let's create a script to check if the correct Python version is installed, and install it if this is not the case. To install Python, you are going to use the 'miniconda' installer : <href src="https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/macos.html"><u><font color=blue>https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/macos.html</font></u></href>.

Python is a binary that you can find in `/usr/local/bin` for example.  
When you enter `python` in your terminal, your OS is going to look in your $PATH var in the */bin folder for a python binary.  
The Python interpreter that will be chosen is generally the one which is found first when searching in the `bin` dirs.  

When you are installing Python with miniconda, you are actually going to be adding a new `bin` to your system with a version of Python inside. This Python folder will have to be installed in the `/goinfre` to save space on your session.

To use this newly installed Python, you have 2 options: 
* use the absolute path `mypath/mydir/bin/python`.
* add the bin dir to your shell's PATH variable via `export PATH=mypath/mydir/bin:$PATH`. (To verify if this second option has worked, you can use the command `which python`.)


```console
$> ./installer.sh install-python
Python has been installed.
$> ./installer.sh install-python
Python is already installed, do you want to reinstall it ?
[yes|no]> yes
Python has been removed.
Python has been installed.
$> python -V
Python 3.7.*
$> ./installer.sh install-python
Python is already installed, do you want to reinstall it ?
[yes|no]> no
exit.
```


WARNING: Do not install python using brew on 42's computers, it will overload your session.
