# Exercise 07 - Komparator

|                         |                                                  |
| -----------------------:| ------------------------------------------------ |
|   Turn-in directory:    |  ex07/                                           |
|   Files to turn in:     |  Komparator.py, MyPlotLib.py (optional)          |
|   Allowed libraries:    |  Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Scipy              |
|   Remarks:              |  The less work you do, the better!               |
|                         |  You don't necessarily need all those libraries  |
|                         |  to complete the exercise.                       |

## Objective:
The goal of the exercise is to introduce plotting methods among the different graphical libraries `Pandas`, `Matplotlib`, `Seaborn`, `Scipy` ...

## Instructions:
You will use the dataset: `athlete_events.csv`

You have to write a class called `Komparator` whose constructor takes ```pandas.DataFrame``` as argument which contains the dataset. The class must implement the following methods, which take as input two variable names:

* `compare_box_plots(categorical_var, numerical_var)` : displays box plot with several boxes which allow to compare the distribution of the numerical variable according to the categorical values of categorical_var. There should be as many box as categories. For example, with Sex and Height, we would compare the height distributions of men vs. women via two boxes.
* `density(categorical_var, numerical_var)` : displays the density of the numerical variable. Each subpopulation should be represented by a separate curve on the graph.
* `compare_histograms(categorical_var, numerical_var)` : plots the numerical variable in a separate histogram for each category. As a bonus, you can use overlapping histograms with a color code.


***Bonus***: Your functions can also accept a list of numerical variables (instead of just one), and output a comparison plot for each variable in the list.
