# Exercise 03 - ColorFilter
|                         |                    |
| -----------------------:| ------------------ |
|   Turnin directory :   |  ex03              |
|   Files to turn in :    |  ColorFilter.py    |
|   Forbidden function :  |  See each method   |
|   Notions :             |  broadcasting      |

Now you will build a tool that can apply a variety of colors filters on images.
For this exercise, the authorized functions and operators are specified for each methods. You are not allowed to use anything else.

Write a class named ColorFilter which implements the following methods:
- __invert(array)__ : Takes a NumPy array of an image as an argument and returns an array with inverted color.  
Authorized function : None  
Authorized operator: -

- __to_green(array)__ : Takes a NumPy array of an image as an argument and returns an array with a blue filter.  
Authorized function : .zeros, .shape  
Authorized operator: None

- __to_red(array)__ : Takes a NumPy array of an image as an argument and returns an array with a green filter.  
Authorized function : None  
Authorized operator: *

- __to_blue(array)__ : Takes a NumPy array of an image as an argument and returns an array with a red filter.  
Authorized function : green, blue  
Authorized operator: -, +

- __celluloid(array)__ : Takes a NumPy array of an image as an argument, and returns an array with a celluloid shade filter.
The celluloid filter must display at least four thresholds of shades. Be careful! You are not asked to apply black contour on the object here (you will have to, but later...), you have only to work on the shades of your images.

__Bonus__: add an argument to your method to let the user choose the number of thresholds.  
Authorized function : .vectorize, (.arange?)  
Authorized operator: None

- __to_grayscale(array, filter)__ : Takes a NumPy array of an image as an argument and returns an array in grayscale. The method takes another argument to select between two possible grayscale filters. Each filter has specific authorized functions and operators.
	- 'mean' or 'm' :  Takes a NumPy array of an image as an argument and returns an array in grayscale created from the mean of the RBG channels.  
Authorized function : .sum, .shape, reshape, broadcast_to, (as_type?)  
Authorized operator: /

	- 'weighted' or 'w' : Takes a NumPy array of an image as an argument and returns an array in weighted grayscale. This argument should be select by default if not given.
The usual weights are : 0.299R + 0.587G + 0.114B.  
Authorized function : .sum, .shape, .tile  
Authorized operator: *  

```python
>>> from ImageProcessor import ImageProcessor
>>> imp = ImageProcessor()
>>> arr = imp.load("../42AI.png")
Loading image of dimensions 200 x 200
>>> from ColorFilter import ColorFilter
>>> cf = ColorFilter()
>>> cf.invert(arr)
>>>
>>> cf.to_green(arr)
>>>
>>> cf.to_red(arr)
>>>
>>> cf.to_blue(arr)
>>>
>>> cf.to_celluloid(arr)
>>>
>>> cf.to_grayscale(arr, 'm')
>>>
>>> cf.to_grayscale(arr, 'weigthed')
>>>
```
