# Exercise 06 - A recipe

|                         |                    |
| -----------------------:| ------------------ |
|   Turn-in directory:    |  ex06              |
|   Files to turn in:     |  recipe.py         |
|   Forbidden functions:  |  None              |
|   Remarks:              |  n/a               |
 

<!--***Hints:*** check what is a nested dictionary in Python.
-->

## Part 1: Nested dictionary
Create a dictionary called `cookbook`. You will use this `cookbook` to store recipe.

A recipe is a **dictionary** that stores 3 values:
* ingredients: a **list of string** representing the list of ingredients
* meal: a **string** representing the type of meal
* prep_time: a **non-negative integer** representing a time in minutes

In `cookbook`, the **key** to a recipe is the recipe name.

Initialize your `cookbook` with 3 recipes:
* Sandwich: ingredients are *ham*, *bread*, *cheese* and *tomatoes*. It is a *lunch* and it takes *10* minutes of preparation.  
* Cake: ingredients are *flour*, *sugar* and *eggs*. It is a *dessert* and it takes *60* minutes of preparation.  
* Salad: ingredients are *avocado*, *arugula*, *tomatoes* and *spinach*. It is a *lunch* and it takes *15* minutes of preparation.  

***Hints***: get to know your `cookbook` dictionary. Try to print its `keys`, its `values`, and it `items`. 

## Part 2: helpful functions

1. Create a function to print a recipe from `cookbook`. The function parameter will be: name of the recipe.

2. Create a function to delete a recipe from the dictionary. The function parameter will be: name of the recipe.

3. Create a function to add a new recipe to `cookbook` with its ingredients, its meal type and its preparation time. The function parameters will be: name of recipe, ingredients, meal and prep_time.

4. Create a function to print all recipe names from `cookbook`. Think about formatting the output.

## Part 3: Command line executable

6. Last but not least, make a program using the four functions you just created.
The program will prompt the user to make a choice between printing the cookbook, printing only one recipe, adding a recipe, deleting a recipe or quitting the cookbook.

It could look like the example below but feel free to organize it the way you want to:

```console
> python recipe.py
Please select an option by typing the corresponding number:
1: Add a recipe
2: Delete a recipe
3: Print a recipe
4: Print the cookbook
5: Quit
>> 3

Please enter the recipe's name to get its details:
>> cake

Recipe for cake:
Ingredients list: ['flour', 'sugar', 'eggs']
To be eaten for dessert.
Takes 60 minutes of cooking.
```

Your program must continue running until the user exits it (option 5):

```console
> python recipe.py
Please select an option by typing the corresponding number:
1: Add a recipe
2: Delete a recipe
3: Print a recipe
4: Print the cookbook
5: Quit
>> 5

Cookbook closed.
```

The program will also continue running if the user enters a wrong value.
It will prompt the user again until the value is correct:

```console
> python recipe.py
Please select an option by typing the corresponding number:
1: Add a recipe
2: Delete a recipe
3: Print a recipe
4: Print the cookbook
5: Quit
>> test

This option does not exist, please type the corresponding number.
To exit, enter 5.
>> 
```
